# dev.xavierc.pictural.api - Kotlin Server library for Pictural API

This API is part of my project for the Shopify Developer intern challenge. This API manage the users, pictures and links between accounts of Pictural.

Generated by OpenAPI Generator 5.0.0-SNAPSHOT.

## Requires

* Kotlin 1.3.21
* Gradle 4.9

## Build

First, create the gradle wrapper script:

```
gradle wrapper
```

Then, run:

```
./gradlew check assemble
```

This runs all tests and packages the library.

## Running

The server builds as a fat jar with a main entrypoint. To start the service, run `java -jar ./build/libs/pictural-server.jar`.

You may also run in docker:

```
docker build -t pictural-server .
docker run -p 8080:8080 pictural-server
```

## Features/Implementation Notes

* Supports JSON inputs/outputs, File inputs, and Form inputs (see ktor documentation for more info).
* ~Supports collection formats for query parameters: csv, tsv, ssv, pipes.~
* Some Kotlin and Java types are fully qualified to avoid conflicts with types defined in OpenAPI definitions.

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/0.1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AlbumApi* | [**albumAdd**](docs/AlbumApi.md#albumadd) | **POST** /album | Add an new album
*AlbumApi* | [**albumDelete**](docs/AlbumApi.md#albumdelete) | **DELETE** /album/{albumUuid} | Delete an existing album
*AlbumApi* | [**albumUpdate**](docs/AlbumApi.md#albumupdate) | **PUT** /album | Update an existing album
*AlbumApi* | [**albumsGet**](docs/AlbumApi.md#albumsget) | **GET** /albums | Get the list of albums of the current user
*ImageApi* | [**imageAccessAdd**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageaccessadd) | **POST** /image/{imageUuid}/{friendUuid} | Share the image with a friend
*ImageApi* | [**imageAccessDelete**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageaccessdelete) | **DELETE** /image/{imageUuid}/{friendUuid} | Delete an image
*ImageApi* | [**imageDelete**](docs/ImageApi.md#imagedelete) | **DELETE** /image/{imageUuid} | Delete an image
*ImageApi* | [**imageGet**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageget) | **GET** /image/{imageUuid} | Get an image
*ImageApi* | [**imageInfoGet**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageinfoget) | **GET** /image/{imageUuid}/info | Get the information of an image
*ImageApi* | [**imageUpload**](docs/ImageApi.md#imageupload) | **POST** /image/upload | Upload an image
*ImageApi* | [**imagesGet**](docs/ImageApi.md#imagesget) | **GET** /images | Get the list of images info of the current user
*UserApi* | [**userFriendsDelete**](docs/UserApi.md#userfriendsdelete) | **DELETE** /user/friends/{friendUuid} | Remove a friend from the list
*UserApi* | [**userFriendsGet**](docs/UserApi.md#userfriendsget) | **GET** /user/friends | Get the list of friend for this user.
*UserApi* | [**userFriendsPost**](docs/UserApi.md#userfriendspost) | **POST** /user/friends/{friendUuid} | Add a friend
*UserApi* | [**userInfoGet**](docs/UserApi.md#userinfoget) | **GET** /user | Get the information of the user.
*UserApi* | [**userInfoPut**](docs/UserApi.md#userinfoput) | **PUT** /user | Update the information of the user
*UserApi* | [**userLogin**](docs/UserApi.md#userlogin) | **POST** /user/login | Log in the user
*UserApi* | [**userLogout**](docs/UserApi.md#userlogout) | **POST** /user/logout | Log out the user
*UserApi* | [**userSignup**](docs/UserApi.md#usersignup) | **POST** /user | Create a new user.


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [dev.xavierc.pictural.api.models.Album](docs/Album.md)
 - [dev.xavierc.pictural.api.models.Friend](docs/Friend.md)
 - [dev.xavierc.pictural.api.models.ImageInfo](docs/ImageInfo.md)
 - [dev.xavierc.pictural.api.models.InlineObject](docs/InlineObject.md)
 - [dev.xavierc.pictural.api.models.InlineResponse200](docs/InlineResponse200.md)
 - [dev.xavierc.pictural.api.models.InlineResponse2001](docs/InlineResponse2001.md)
 - [dev.xavierc.pictural.api.models.InlineResponse2002](docs/InlineResponse2002.md)
 - [dev.xavierc.pictural.api.models.User](docs/User.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

<a name="google_oauth2"></a>
### google_oauth2

- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: implicit
- **Authorization URL**: https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth
- **Scopes**: 
  - write_user: Modify your information
  - read_user: Read your information
  - write_image: Modify your images
  - read_image: Read your images
  - write_image_access: Modify the list of people that can access of this image
  - read_image_access: Read the list of people that can access this image

